Fix confusing wording in Asset Pipeline guide [ci skip] (#38782)
rails/rails: guides/source/asset_pipeline.md

$ rails new appname --skip-sprockets
```

Rails automatically adds the [`sass-rails`](https://github.com/rails/sass-rails)
gem to your `Gemfile`, which is used by Sprockets for
[Sass](https://sass-lang.com) compilation:

```ruby
gem 'sass-rails'
```

Using the `--skip-sprockets` option will prevent Rails from adding
this to your `Gemfile`, so if you later want to enable

> the asset pipeline you will have to add that gem to your `Gemfile`. Also,

Reviewer: > Rails automatically **adds the `sass-rails` gem to your `Gemfile`** [...] Using the `--skip-sprockets` option will prevent Rails from **adding this to your `Gemfile`**, so if you later want to enable the asset pipeline you will have to **add that gem to your `Gemfile`**.

This reminds me of:

["By installing Java, you will be able to experience the power of Java."](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2009/01/12/by-installing-java-you-will-be-able-to-experience-the-power-of-java/) 😄 

Perhaps:

```suggestion
this gem, so if you later want to enable the asset pipeline
you will have to add it to your `Gemfile` manually. Also,
```

Author: 👍 I've applied your suggestion in fd9a032eea94371cd811c149f3b5f0e64ec0ee69

### Preprocessing

The file extensions used on an asset determine what preprocessing is applied.
When a controller or a scaffold is generated with the default Rails gemset, an
SCSS file is generated in place of a regular CSS file. The example used before
was a controller called "projects", which generated an
`app/assets/stylesheets/projects.scss` file.

In development mode, or if the asset pipeline is disabled, when this file is

> requested it is processed by the processor provided by the `sass` gem and then

Reviewer: The `sass` gem is no longer maintained, and `sass-rails` now depends on the `sassc` gem instead via `sassc-rails` (https://github.com/rails/rails/issues/32896).

Even if it's not technically accurate, I think this should say "provided by the `sass-rails` gem" - for the purposes of following this guide, it's enough to know that the processor is available because `sass-rails` is in the Gemfile, even if the code is ultimately provided by a different gem.

Author: 👍 Updated to `sass-rails` in 649d265e16b8333f5a86aa3de46ae4aac6635e30
